README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

build: signin signup user page apply styles scss logout not complete

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server. Then, open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Next, Run the server backend to access database json:

```bash
npm run backend
```
## Features App
- Use [`Module Scss`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/built-in-css-support#adding-component-level-css)
- [`Form Validation`](https://nextjs.org/docs/guides/building-forms#javascript-based-form-validation)
- Use Form Validation [`hookform/resolvers`, `yup`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hookform/resolvers)
- API [`API routes`](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction)
- Use API Fake from Github [`The Users API`](https://docs.github.com/rest/reference/users#get-the-authenticated-user)
```
Use Cases:
For new projects, you can build your entire API with API Routes. If you have an existing API, you do not need to forward calls to the API through an API Route. Some other use cases for API Routes are:
- Masking the URL of an external service (e.g. /api/secret instead of https://company.com/secret-url)
- Using Environment Variables on the server to securely access external services like .env.production
```
- Use [`NextAuth.js`](https://next-auth.js.org/getting-started/introduction)
- Use [`swr`](https://swr.vercel.app/docs/getting-started)
- Use [`RxJS - Alert (Toaster) Notifications`](https://rxjs.dev/)
- Config [`Environment Variables`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/environment-variables)
```
- Use .env.local to load environment variables
- Expose environment variables to the browser by prefixing with NEXT_PUBLIC_ as NEXT_PUBLIC_COOKIE_PASSWORD, NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL

```
